Add TRE roles (#211)
sa-tre/satre-specification: docs/source/evaluations/alan_turing_institute.md

  - - We rely on the Alan Turing Institute legal and data protection teams to inform us of necessary legal requirements.
    - Our TRE (the Alan Turing Institute Data Safe Haven) is self-assessed against the NHS Data Security and Protection Toolkit.
    - The Institute has a centralised ethics approval procedure which all projects are required to follow.

>     - Project specific requirements are discussed with {ref}`data provider <data_roles>`s before start of each project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Project specific requirements are discussed with {ref}`data providers <data_roles>` before start of each project.
```

* - 1.3.2.
  - 2
  - - All Turing projects must carry out a Data Protection Assessment Process.

>     - We also have a flowchart that project teams and {ref}`data provider <data_roles>`s must follow to agree on the security tier of their project before it starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - We also have a flowchart that project teams and {ref}`data providers <data_roles>` must follow to agree on the security tier of their project before it starts.
```

    - Consider making more detailed checks on user ID, possibly delegating to a trusted third-party.
* - 1.5.2.
  - 2

>   - - Onboarding documentation exists for both {ref}`TRE operator <admin_roles>`s and project teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - - Onboarding documentation exists for both {ref}`TRE operators <admin_roles>` and project teams.
```

  - - Part of the project initiation process involves agreeing on appropriate user training.
    - All TRE users carry out GDPR and cyber security training.
    - Depending on the project, they may also complete eLfH data security awareness training (level 1) and MRC Research, GDPR & Confidentiality Training

>     - {ref}`TRE operator <admin_roles>`s must pass all user training requirements as well as data handling and cyber security training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - {ref}`TRE operators <admin_roles>` must pass all user training requirements as well as data handling and cyber security training.
```
